*Supplementary material*

# Nutrient Requirements of Conventionally and Organically Grown Cranberry (Vaccinium macrocarpon Ait.)

Canada is the second largest cranberry producer and largest producer of the first in organic cranberries in the world. High cranberry yield and quality require appropriate mineral nutrition. The aim of this study was to measure the response to fertilization of Vaccinium macrocarpon Ait. cultivar “Stevens” conventionally and organically in beds of acidic sandy soils. A 3-yr study was conducted to measure crop response to N, P, K, Mg, Cu, B, and S fertilizers during three consecutive years at four production sites in Quebec, Canada. In 2014 and 2015, berry yield was closely related to the number of fruiting uprights (R2 = 0.92), berry count per fruiting upright (R2 = 0.91), the number of reproductive uprights (R2 = 0.83), and fruit set (R2 = 0.77). Berry count per upright, fruit set, and berry weight responded significantly to N and, to a lesser degree, to K. Nitrogen showed a significant effect on berry yield (2014–2016) and quality (2016). Organic fertilizer 6-1-1 (fish emulsions) and S‑coated urea delayed crop maturity in comparison with fertilizer 8-0-0 (amino acids) and ammonium sulfate. Berry yield levelled off at near 45 kg N ha−1 and 70 kg K ha−1. Cranberry response to added K was nonsignificant when yield was less than 36 Mg ha−1. Berry firmness, total anthocyanin content (TAcy) and total soluble solids content (Brix) decreased linearly with added N, indicating a trade-off between yield and quality. Depending on the N source and the yield and quality targets, the adequate fertilizer dosage was in the range of 30 to 45 kg N ha−1 and of 70 kg K ha−1 in both the conventional and organic cranberry agroecosystems. 
